Hi guys, in this tutorial I want uh to
show you how to use Jima for latest
version using uh Olama.
As you can see, it works fine
uh locally without internet and this is
my lama. Okay, let's go.
Okay, first thing first go here to
website.com.
After that go right here to download and
download the OAMA program. If you have
Windows download from for Windows Linux
this link going to start like this copy
it or Mac OS you can download it here.
Okay. After downloading this OAM you get
and install it
in your machine. After that can run it
by this. Okay.
As you can see is run successfully.
Okay. Uh to run or download any model
you need to copy a command and run it on
your terminal. How to do that? You have
to go here and search for command
prompt.
And this is the only thing you want to
know. After that, how to get the model
is you have to go right here
to model
and search any model as you want. Uh for
us,
I want to download the for the latest
version. Okay, search for SEMA
4. Okay, the latest version is this one.
update one week ago. Okay, let's see.
Okay, as you can see this is my GMA 4.
Get click right here
and go copy this link and go here paste
it
and manifest the downloading is
beginning of our model. It takes some
time.
Okay, fine. Now you can uh run your
model. Okay, let's test it with the
internet and locally without internet.
Okay.
And me
about uh
Gemini Pro.
It's uh thinking right now.
Okay. Yes, as you can see this is the
information about Gemini Pro, Gemini Pro
and model writing in Gemini. Okay.
Okay. Lot there is a lot of information
about this model. Okay.
Now I want to run it anytime as you
want. Okay. Let's close it and let's see
it works without internet or not.
Okay. Let's go right here.
Close the internet. Okay. And copy this
one. Java 4.
Go ahead to command prompt. Paste this
one and run it. And let's see it works
on
as you can see it works. Let's test the
the CPU and the GPU.
Okay. CPU.
Okay. And we
about
not
okay. Look at this.
It's still thinking right now.
And the uses of the CPU utilization is
60%.
It takes some time to
add our information because it uses the
the GPU and the CPU.
If you have
powerful GPU and powerful
CPU, this model is run quickly.
Okay, as you can see, it works fine
without uh internet as you can see.
Okay, thank you guys for watching. This
is all for this tutorial.